RUM-11893 Smoke tests setup (#4)
DataDog/dd-sdk-ios-apollo-interceptor: SmokeTests/spm/README.md

# SPMProject

`SPMProject` is a skeleton project for testing SPM compatibility of the current branch of `dd-sdk-ios-apollo-interceptor`.

After pushing current branch to remote, run:
```bash
$ make
```
This creates the `SPMProject.xcodeproj` from `SPMProject.xcodeproj.src` by replacing the `GIT_REFERENCE` string with the name of the remote branch.

Launch the `SPMProject.xcodeproj` to check if SPM is able to fetch the `DatadogApollo` package from remote and build the project.

To update the setup in `SPMProject.xcodeproj`, use:
```bash
make create-src-from-xcodeproj
```

> to apply the change back to the `SPMProject.xcodeproj.src`, so it can be committed to git.

Reviewer: Is this correct?

```suggestion
Running the command applies the change back to the `SPMProject.xcodeproj.src`, so the change can be committed to Git.
```
